heri klas and from 98.8 kiss fm and me
I 'm currently in the stadium in Prenzlauer
mountain friedrich jahn sports field and why
I am because they are equal challenge
we're giving away four vip tickets for that
uefa champions league final on saturday
and a map of more
no idea thousands of euros and we
have four pieces for you and not
any simple VIP ticket though
she just pretends we have you
Selected tells us what would you do about it
to get this goddamn ticket
and Irina right here next to me
I'll tell you all the water, you see
her the meeting in the approximately 9800 seats
with melina kiss the same
Only you achieve that I would
say here we go
Gates
Wow
as well as I see in you, I feel
me just what I am a bit too
prepared yet shows us something
my beautiful red ash is
brought to bottle 70 70 percent of
then all turned bird kaka today do
No problem there but only for the whole
provide otherwise runs heard how she
it would say caught by
there is
Yes
Buhler has the 4400 and a chair
shortened 4000 fourth once worked
and I think the love is so slow
in the end how about it with you melina
I'm ready and can not do it anymore
that means how are you now
decided to continue or said here
here and not further
I have said now I stop before
me a lumbago or something
wars and then not at play
can go and 4400 and one is already
okay is very very exhausting
and maybe it was for me anyway
it'll work anyway so I would be very
looking forward
he has heard in your hand ob
lena lets go to play or not
nevertheless, she deserves it from me
really a great performance